Add migration agent documentation (#1211)
rancher/rke2: docs/mgiration.md

> # Migration from RKE1 to RKE2
> 
> In order to migrate from RKE to RKE 2, you need basically two things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Migration from RKE1 to RKE2

In order to migrate from Rancher Kubernetes Engine (RKE1) to RKE2, you need two things:
```

- ETCD data directory
- Cluster CA certificates

> Both can be found when you take a RKE1 snapshot. When taking a snapshot in RKE1 an archive file will be created that contains two things, the etcd snapshot and `.rkestate` of your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both can be found when you take a RKE1 snapshot, as the RKE1 snapshot archive contains two things: an etcd snapshot, and `.rkestate` of your cluster.
```

## Introducing Migration Agent

migration-agent is a tool that lays the groundwork for RKE1 nodes to move to RKE2 nodes. It accomplishes this in two main steps:

- Restore the etcd snapshot on etcd nodes to the RKE2 etcd db data directory.
- Copy the CA certs and service account token key from `.rkestate` file to RKE2 data directory.

This tool runs on RKE1 nodes before running RKE2.

### Usage

> 1- To run the migration you need to take a snapshot first on rke1 nodes:
> 
> ```
> rke etcd snapshot-save --s3 --name rke1snapshot --access-key <access-key> --secret-key <secret-key> --region <region> --folder <folder> --bucket-name <bucket name>
> ```
> 
> For more information, please refer to the RKE1 [official documentation](https://rancher.com/docs/rke/latest/en/etcd-snapshots/one-time-snapshots/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To run the migration you need to take a snapshot first on rke1 nodes:

    ```
    rke etcd snapshot-save --s3 --name rke1snapshot --access-key <access-key> --secret-key <secret-key> --region <region> --folder <folder> --bucket-name <bucket name>
    ```

    For more information, please refer to the RKE1 [official documentation](https://rancher.com/docs/rke/latest/en/etcd-snapshots/one-time-snapshots/)
```

> 2- Now you can either run mgiration agent directly on the node, or use the following [mainfest](https://github.com/rancher/migration-agent/blob/master/deploy/daemonset.yaml) to deploy migration-agent as a daemonset on the RKE1 cluster. Before you run the manifest file you need to edit the file to include the information about the s3 snapshot of RKE1:
> ```
> command:
>           - "sh"
>           - "-c"
>           - "migration-agent --s3-region <region> --s3-bucket hgalal-s3 --s3-folder <s3 folder> --s3-access-key <access-key> --s3-secret-key <secret-key>  --snapshot rke1db.zip && sleep 9223372036854775807"
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Now you can either run mgiration agent directly on the node, or use the following [mainfest](https://github.com/rancher/migration-agent/blob/master/deploy/daemonset.yaml) to deploy migration-agent as a daemonset on the RKE1 cluster. Before you run the manifest file you need to edit the file to include the information about the s3 snapshot of RKE1:
    ```
    command:
          - "sh"
          - "-c"
          - "migration-agent --s3-region <region> --s3-bucket hgalal-s3 --s3-folder <s3 folder> --s3-access-key <access-key> --s3-secret-key <secret-key>  --snapshot rke1db.zip && sleep 9223372036854775807"
    ```
```

Author: so the problem is there is no combination of daemonset + job, meaning that you cant run a job on all nodes, so the only way I found is to run daemonset with infinite sleep, so that it wont be re-created again

Reviewer: That just works for this specific run though. Once the node is restarted will it run the command again when the daemonset pod is recreated on the node?

For an infinite sleep, you might use the pause/mkfifo trick that klipper-lb uses:
https://github.com/k3s-io/klipper-lb/blob/master/entry#L13-L16

Author: yeah it does that, once its completed it will retry to run again

> 3- After running the tool you should see the following paths has been created on controlplane and etcd nodes:
> 
> ```
> /etc/rancher/rke2/config.yaml.d/10-migration.yaml
> /var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/
> /var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/db/
> /var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/manifests/
> /var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/tls/
> /var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/cred
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. After running the tool you should see the following paths have been created on control-plane and etcd nodes:

    ```
    /etc/rancher/rke2/config.yaml.d/10-migration.yaml
    /var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/
    /var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/db/
    /var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/manifests/
    /var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/tls/
    /var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/cred
    ```
```

> 4- The next step is stop docker containers of rke1:
> 
> ```
> systemctl disable docker
> systemctl stop docker
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The next step is stop docker containers of rke1:

    ```
    systemctl disable docker
    systemctl stop docker
    ```
```

> 5- The last step is to install and run rke2 server or agent depend on the type of the node:
> 
> ```
> curl -sfL https://get.rke2.io | sh -
> systemctl start rke2-server
> systemctl enable rke2-server
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The last step is to install and run rke2 server or agent depend on the type of the node:

    ```
    curl -sfL https://get.rke2.io | sh -
    systemctl start rke2-server
    systemctl enable rke2-server
    ```
```

### Cluster Configuration

One of the functions of the migration-agent is to copy the cluster configuration from the rkestate file to `/etc/rancher/rke2/config.yaml.d/10-migration.yaml`, this includes:

- Cluster CIDR
- Service CIDR
- Service Node Port Range
- Cluster DNS
- Cluster Domain
- Extra API Args
- Extra Scheduler Args
- Extra Controller Manager Args

### Addons Migration

RKE2 deploys addons as helm charts, so migration-agent creates a manifest that deletes the old RKE1 addons and let RKE2 deploys addons as Helm charts.

### Cluster Addons Configuration Migration

One of the migration-agent features is migrating all configuration for the cluster addons to rke2, this includes:

- CoreDNS configuration
- Metrics-Server configuration
- Ingress nginx configuration 

#### CoreDNS Configuration

> RKE1 adds several congiguration options for CoreDNS, migration-agent makes sure that these configs are migrated to a HelmchartConfig which will be used to configurre the CoreDNS helmChart:

Reviewer: You might run this through a quick spell-check, I'm sure I'm not catching all of these:
```suggestion
RKE1 adds several configuration options for CoreDNS, migration-agent makes sure that these configs are migrated to a HelmchartConfig which will be used to configure the CoreDNS helmChart:
```

Author: yeah I just realized that spell check is turned off in my IDE, rechecking now

# Migration from RKE1 to RKE2

In order to migrate from RKE to RKE 2, you need basically two things in particular:

- ETCD data directory
- Cluster CA certificates

Both can be found when you take a RKE1 snapshot, when taking a snapshot in RKE1 an archive file will be created that contain two things, the etcd snapshot and .rkestate of your cluster.

## Introducing Migration Agent

> Migration Agent is a tool to lay the groundwork for RKE1 nodes to move to RKE2 nodes, it basically does two main steps among other things:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Migration Agent is a tool to lay the groundwork for RKE1 nodes to move to RKE2 nodes. It basically does two main steps among other things:
```

- Restore the etcd snapshot on etcd nodes to the RKE2 etcd db data directory.

> - Copy the CA certs and service account token key from rkestate file to RKE2 data directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Copy the CA certs and service account token key from `.rkestate` file to RKE2 data directory.
```

# Migration from RKE1 to RKE2

> In order to migrate from Rancher Kubernetes Engine (RKE1) to RKE2, you need basically two things:

Reviewer: "you need basically" doesn't read very well to me. Just say "you need".

### Usage

1. To run the migration you need to take a snapshot first on rke1 nodes:
	
	    ```
	    rke etcd snapshot-save --s3 --name rke1snapshot --access-key <access-key> --secret-key <secret-key> --region <region> --folder <folder> --bucket-name <bucket name>
	    ```

> 	

Reviewer: these need to be indented exactly 4 spaces for the markdown to format properly. It looks like you're using tabs?

Same for all the sections below.
